initial LSP-gopls helper (#1)
sublimelsp/LSP-gopls: README.md

# LSP-gopls

Golang support for Sublime's LSP plugin.

Uses [Go Language Server][gopls-repo] to provide validation, formatting and other features for JSON files. See linked repository for more information.

### Installation

* Install [LSP][lsp-repo] and `LSP-gopls` from Package Control.
* Restart Sublime.

### Configuration

Open configuration file using command palette with `Preferences: LSP-gopls Settings` command or opening it from the Sublime menu (`Preferences > Package Settings > LSP > Servers > LSP-gopls`).

### For users of PackageDev

> The [PackageDev][packagedev-repo] package implements features that provide completions and tooltips when editing the Sublime settings files, which overlaps and conflicts with functionality provided by this package. To take advantage of the strict schemas that this package provides, disable corresponding functionality in `PackageDev` by opening `Preferences: PackageDev Settings` from the Command Palette and set the following settings on the right side:

Reviewer: Some links (like `packagedev-repo`) are missing references.

```json
{
  "settings.auto_complete": false,
  "settings.tooltip": false
}
```

## Settings

__Taken from `gopls api-json`__

> Configure the default Go language server ('gopls'). In most cases, configuring this section is unnecessary. See [the documentation][gopls-settings] for all available settings.

Reviewer: Missing the reference to the `gopls-settings` link.

# LSP-gopls

Golang support for Sublime's LSP plugin.

Uses [Go Language Server][gopls-repo] to provide validation, formatting and other features for JSON files. See linked repository for more information.

### Installation

* Install [LSP][lsp-repo] and `LSP-gopls` from Package Control.

> * Restart Sublime.

Reviewer: Since this package doesn't manage the gopls server, I think it should be mentioned how to install it.

Is it feasible to manage it BTW or it's too heavy?

Author: Here is my idea,

For managing it would follow a simple flow of

1. Is `gopls` detected in path? If yes, do nothing , else
2. Is `go` detected in path? If No, prompt user saying go was not detected in path and disable LS, if Yes, prompt to install via `GO111MODULE=on go get golang.org/x/tools/gopls@latest` command.
3. If yes, install and check path.

Reviewer: Maybe handle that in a separate PR? There might be some challenges with informing the user since it's not user friendly to just show that in the status bar where it can't be copied.

#### Go Mod Support

> To get proper support for Go.mod files and codelenses. It is recommended you install [Sublime Gomod][sublime-gomod] package for syntax highlighing and scoping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get proper support for Go.mod files and codelenses it is recommended you install the [Sublime Gomod][sublime-gomod] package for syntax highlighting and scoping.
```

This format separates the signature from the documentation, so that the client
can do more manipulation of these fields.<br/>This should only be used by clients that support this behavior.
* `SynopsisDocumentation`

Default: `"FullDocumentation"`

### `gopls.linkTarget`

linkTarget controls where documentation links go.
It might be one of:

* `"godoc.org"`
* `"pkg.go.dev"`

If company chooses to use its own `godoc.org`, its address can be used as well.

Default: `"pkg.go.dev"`

### `gopls.linksInHover`

linksInHover toggles the presence of links to documentation in hover.

Default: `true`

### `gopls.importShortcut`

importShortcut specifies whether import statements should link to
documentation or go to definitions.
<br/>
Allowed Options: `Both`, `Definition`, `Link`

Default: `"Both"`

### `gopls.symbolMatcher`

(Advanced) symbolMatcher sets the algorithm that is used when finding workspace symbols.
<br/>
Allowed Options: `CaseInsensitive`, `CaseSensitive`, `Fuzzy`

Default: `"Fuzzy"`

### `gopls.symbolStyle`

**Advanced**

symbolStyle controls how symbols are qualified in symbol responses.

Example Usage:

```json5
"gopls": {
...
  "symbolStyle": "dynamic",
...

> }

Reviewer: The keys are not matching the settings file. Also, probably could just remove that code block.

[gopls-repo]: https://github.com/golang/tools/blob/master/gopls/README.md
[gopls-settings]: https://github.com/golang/tools/blob/master/gopls/doc/settings.md
[gopls-analyzers]: https://github.com/golang/tools/blob/master/gopls/doc/analyzers.md

> [Sublime Gomod]: https://github.com/mitranim/sublime-gomod

Reviewer 2: It's usually better to link to packagecontrol.io since not every has a GitHub account https://packagecontrol.io/packages/Gomod

(it's almost unprofessional to not have a GitHub account these days, but these developers exist apparently ;) )
